---
layout: post
title: 2022 in Review
date: "2022-12-21 18:02:54"
tags:
  - Personal Development
categories:
  - Personal Development
excerpt: When I sat down, I thought I had a fairly quiet year. When I started thinking, I realised that was a bit of an understatement. 
featured_image: "/assets/images/unsplash/1585933654851-820691b3740f.jpg"
published: True
---
Wow, what a year.

As I sit here in Zürich after Christmas I've enjoyed the chance to reflect on what I achieved this year.

When I sat down, I thought I had a fairly quiet year. When I started thinking, I realised that was a bit of an understatement. 

In 2022 I:

  1. Got married!
  2. Packed up my life and moved from London to Switzerland
  3. Transferred with work to the Atos Zürich office, securing a promotion
  4. Was the Best man at the wedding of my best mate from school! 
  5. Raced my first Ironman 70.3 in 37 degree heat (Rapperswil Jona, Switzerland)
  6. Started taking triathlon training a little more consistently, completing my first triathlon races, including Olympic distances at Dorney Lake in the build up to Rapperswil 70.3
  7. Swam 10,000 metres as 100 sets of 100 metres - it took 3 hours 14 minutes
  8. Cycled 400km in 4 days from the top of Wales to Bristol in the U.K.
  9. Completed our global Future Leaders Talent Programme at work, culminating in a week in Paris making excellent global friends
  10. After eight years as a Consultant, finally got that elusive transatlantic business trip, meeting colleagues and clients face to face after pandemic remote working
  11. Cycled from London to Brighton, and back - fuelled by Coca Cola and Fish & Chips
  12. Visited family in Chicago, having an absolute blast of a time seeing them for the first time in a decade 
  13. Passed PRINCE2 Foundation and MS-900 Microsoft 365 Fundamentals - recognising some long used skills developed over various projects
  14. Picked up a sweet used mountain bike for CHF 155 (about £130) which saves me hours per week by reducing the time it takes to get to the pool, shops, and train station etc. I whacked a rack on it so I can carry panniers and I am honestly convinced a used bike for running errands is amogst the lowest cost, but highest ROI expenditures you can make. 
  15. Started studying German - next year I need to pass my A1 exam
  16. Booked a marathon for December 2023 - a big hairy goal that I want to achieve before my 30th birthday 



Onwards and upwards! 
